# Gui Deployement

> this documentation contains all technical and status information for the [Workflow helper test GUI deployments page Task 438](https://jira-bej-pai.psi.de/browse/INTGENERAL-438).

## Getting Started


These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development 
and testing purposes. 


# Backend

---

## Prerequisites

---

You will need these softwares installed.

- Java 8 
- Node.js 
- Maven

## Running

---

Navigate to the serve directory in the root of the project and execute:

    .\mvnw spring-boot:run

To run with logging arguments:

    mvn spring-boot:run 
        -Dspring-boot.run.arguments=--logging.level.org.springframework=TRACE,--logging.level.com.baeldung=TRACE

Build and running with maven:

    mvn package && java -jar target/gs-spring-boot-0.1.0.jar

## Contributing

---

When contributing please make sure to stick to the following guidelines. 
Please also note we have a code of conduct in [Wiki](http://wiki.psi.de/wiki/Verhaltenskodex_%28Code_of_Conduct%29), please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

### Commit Message Format

Commit messages serve as an explanation for changes made to the code base. 
In case bugs were introduced or multiple developers are working on the same features, 
commit messages hold information about the recent changes.

#### Intents of Commit Messages

- **Speed up the reviewing process**
  In case changes are complex, it is important to give an explanation of the given code beforehand. 
  In an optimal world, code should be self explanatory (see Code Style), 
  but given the fact that each developer intrinsically has his or her own style and code quality is very dependent 
  on the mood or time available, quick information on what was actually achieved by changes to the code should be given.
- **Help us write a good release note**
  To give a reasoning why some migration steps have to be done or what needs to be taken into account when 
  installing a new release, it can help to read again, why a certain step needs to be done. A release note explaining 
  the intention behind a design decision can help explaining (and defend) this to the customer
- **Help other (possible future) developers**
  Understanding why a particular change was made or why (and in what context) a feature was added, 
  prevents redundant or conflicting implementations. Giving a reason why a specific chunk of code has 
  been written in a certain way can also prevent bugs introduced by e.g. removing conditions interpreted as obsolete.

```
<summary>
<blank> 
[<detailed description>
<blank>] 
[<reasoning>
<blank>] 
[<JIRA issue key(s)>]
```

##### Notes
+ The first word of the \<summary> should tell the reader if this commit fixes a bug, adds new functionality or changes the existing 
code due to misunderstood requirements,  carelessness or something else. Using the imperative matches up with commit 
messages generated by commands like git merge and git revert.

+ Give a descriptive \<summary>. This can be useful when browsing through the commits in order to find a specific one. 
Also tools like GitLab, GitHub, Bitbucket or the commit history in TortoiseGIT will only show the first line in 
their overview. This is also the reason why this line shouldn't be longer than 50 characters.

+ The second line should always be left blank. 
This is critical; otherwise tools like rebase (when using [GIT](https://git-scm.com/)) can get confused. 

+ [optional-ish] In addition to the summary, you should give a more detailed explanatory text, if necessary. 
Wrap it to about 72 characters. Don't assume that the software used to read the messages auto-wraps the text. 
(On an 80 column terminal, if we subtract 4 columns for the indent on the left and 4 more for symmetry on the right, 
we’re left with 72 columns.)

+ [optional] Explain the problem that this commit is solving. 
Focus on why you are making this change as opposed to how (the code explains that). 
Are there side effects or other unintuitive consequences of this change? 
This tells reviewers of your code what to expect in the commit, allowing them to easily 
identify and point out unrelated changes.

+ When working on JIRA issues, always add the issue key. This information is used by JIRA's development tools and the build server. 
Adding a JIRA issue key, will give the consultant (product owner) or anybody else information about the current progress.


### Definition of Done
Only when the following criteria are met a development issue can go to QA:
- [x] All acceptance criteria are met
- [x] All unit tests are passing
- [x] Code has been checked-in and build process has **not** been broken
- [x] This file (README.md) has been updated
- [x] Release note has been updated

### Code Style

Please refer to 
- the Java Style Guide in [Confluence](http://confluence-bej-pai.psi.de:8090/display/OT/Style+Guide+for+Java)
- the TypeScript Guide in [Confluence](http://confluence-bej-pai.psi.de:8090/display/OT/Style+Guide+for+TypeScript)




## Authors

---

* **Christoph Zyla** - *Supervisor*
* **Peter Bangert** - *Developer* 
  
## License

---

Copyright 2018 PSI AG. All right reserved.
PSI PROPRIETARY/CONFIDENTIAL. Use is subject to license terms.